manual work
Stop me getting fat
Looking on youtube for exercise/yoga routines (and actually having the time to do them)
nothing
Wanting to lose weight during this period
My condition dictates gentle exercise only.
Training programme to follow from home provided by squad management 
It’s my job - if I don’t teach I don’t earn money
Keeping myself mobile and in less pain and discomfort. Also keeping my body in a good state to get back to riding when I can
Thinking forward to outside of lockdown and how exercise now will make that a smoother transition
Chatting to colleagues online. 
Wanting to leave the house.
I live with a Personal Trainer and so he helps a LOT but its much harder getting out alone
To relieve boredom/stress
No longer commuting so have time 
The gym being closed
fun
Much more time has been freed up as I am not working at the moment. I can now choose a time to exercise. I previously had little time to exercise due to work/childcare duties and was very fatigued at the end of the day when there was free time. 
The wish to keep as fit as possible, despite my disability
Being made sedentary and the fear of obesity 
A new bike
To try and get my daughter out and about for fresh air etc 
My partner and daughter 
Access to my bike and support from family who cycle with me
Kids
Nothing 
Because there has been no competitions for awhile I felt the need to maintain my strength so I can come back stronger when the compositions resume 
getting out the flat and getting a coffee after walking
Unable to comment.
I haven’t 
Nothing, l exercise as much as l always did.
My garden. 
My dog! He still needs walking 
To keep my weight down and my interest in exercise before I became disabled 
Normal motivations
Getting out into nature and being outside
Tiredness, pain and motivation 
Everything
group online activity
nothing has encouraged me
None
none, it's just like groundhog day everyday and i'm losing the will to do anything
nothing
My own willpower .
Facilitator My doctor's, carers and all hospital staff and of course motivation being with horses.
If my children are interested, I love getting exercise with them and feel there is a twofold reason to go.
My husband
Motivation has been the same
Motivator to move is the pain worsened by inactivity (muscles locking, paraesthesia, stiffness, numbness, including waking from sleep). Chronic pain & discomfort is constant, but worsened by no real movement. Some part of the days has to involve no activity & rest, but I need to gently move as often as I can, gently when I can
My physio and fear of losing function /capability to transfer etc
keeping myself fit and active is a priority to me the same as always
None
Time
Not applicable. Although not on the official shielding list my GP said I should shield and my disability makes walking difficult so I have been unable to do much exercise at all.
None.
To keep myself out of a wheelchair. 
Making myself walk round the back garden
Getting too fat, which motivates me to do a little exercise, on occasion.
Personal determination to stay fit enough to resume caring for the horses when lock down was lifted.
Hunger. Normally I don't get hungry but every 2 or so days I've actually felt hungry and that's helped push me to make food. 
My muscles hurting and significant reduction in my mobility
Can't exercise
"Not wanting to fall, trying to loose weight. 
"
really good regular online seated exercise class
My physio ringing me at home 
Don't know 
Making sure my child gets some exercise and concern about more weight gain
Needing fresh air for my toddler, going into the garden with him is a physical activity for me. 
Time
I haven't 
Good weather
Na
Needing to walk the dog.
Being as good as I can for my husband by trying to help him out, he’s my carer but also works secularly from home so if I can help out from my wheelchair doing little jobs then it makes me feel better helping him.
my coach doing private lessons 
Getting out of the flat and away from everyone. Time to myself to calm down. 
Wish to feel healthier and achieve the right balance of activity and rest for me at this time.
The thought of 'use it or lose it'.
"An element of normality
Self care"
Friends and important to fight PD
The need to keep supple
Internet
Wife
Plenty of time to do it
Weight gain.
Will Slow progress of Parkinsons
Live online exercise classes, feeling the need to exercise for pain relief
Exercise keeps the PD at bay.
On-line sessions and knowing that I have to continue to exercise to maintain my fitness/mobility.
To encourage others
Working to a set routine 
Partner, pilates teacher and own fetermnation
needed to keep me from stiffening up
The thought of ending up in a wheelchair.
Lack of real excercise, used TV for walking/yoga indoor class.
I would like to get out again to see my friends
Group classes on zoom for people with Parkinson's. Before Covid-19 I went to mainstream exercise classes at the gym.
Having an ergometric bike
The need to stay as well as possible for personal benefit but also to see my other children & grandchildren.
freedom to walk in the countryside around home
lovely weather
My husband, he’s motivated me so now I am back to gentle outdoor cycling 2.5 miles, 3 times per week. 
Getting very lethargic with sitting down a lot. Also, my husband exercises so watching him get up early to go out cycling is a good motivator.
to ensure I don't feel cooped up indoors and I always feel better after exercise
As a Parkinsons sufferer if I don't frequently walk my leg muscles stiffen up and stop working. I must walk.
Seeing that I’m putting weight on
online exercise classes with therapists and started a fundraiser to walk in house and raise money for two charities
General belief that exercise can assist dealing with symptoms 
exercise keeps my sane 
Self discipline
My wife and dog.
If you don’t use it you lose it, but apathy does take hold
Garden still needs maintenance
I enjoy exercising usually 
Virtual classes online (hurrah for Zoom!)
You tube!
Sunshine
Need to exercise legs
Only my brain!
recovering my mobility
Two things, how i want to be (healthy) and also not wanting to be lazy. I try and use a positive and negative to motivate me.
Increasing body weight
Being in lock down it there has been more time to go for a dog walk.
Weight gain due to lack of activity
Zoom and You Tube
When its sunny I feel motivated to be in the garden and walk about a little with my rollator
Any weight gain will affect my health 
Course online
Always relied on accidental exercise (going out and about each day), never been able to motivate home exercise unless it had a specific time limited purpose.
Having a reason to do so, either needing to be somewhere, or to spend time with family outdoors
When I ache or get stiff
Online Pilates classes
The thought of being too heavy and putting more stress on my body.
"Pure enjoyment. Time out cycling with friends
Time for the garden "
I have not.  Take the dog for a walk twice daily.
Closure of gym facilities motivated me to do more exercise - the alternative (to do less exercise, put weight on and stiffen up) was not an option. Towards the beginning of lockdown, the weather helped a lot. But the near-deserted hills and roads was a real bonus, especially knowing we'd seldom (if ever) have access to such peaceful outdoor activities again. Bring back lockdown!  
Increased weight and stiffness within muscles due to lack of movement
No factors motivate me to do exercise at home
I've motivated myself as much as I can
stopping smoking = nervous energy
None
The fact that the more I exercise, the easier it is to keep my limbs moving usefully to me.
Put on weight
It makes me feel so much better when I have taken part in a physical activity. 
Online zoom sessions 
Joe Wicks workout PE on You Tube  - short enough to feel energized 
My own determination 
Pain in legs and arms
Phone calls for diabetic nurse to check up on me. 
Needing to get out.
Motivation from my partner
N/A  No change to normal. 
Tai Chi classes on YouTube 
Weight gain and an increase in muscle pain/spasms- I know more exercise would help my muscles, but the increase of symptoms also makes exercise much harder 
When I was able to do my riding lesson or carriage driving 
None
Zoom classes 
Rolled walker, sponsored walk for charity, push ups challenge for PTSD  and Physiotools 
Zoom exercise classes
Trying to keep fit and healthy
Weight gain 
Feeling good
Only having to go out if necessary 
At home we have a crying green and make a daily challenge to walk ten times around the green
n/a
Energy and feeling up to walking
In the first month of lockdown the low step count on the iPhone 
Someone to take me out
An online class that was offered during lockdown on social media. Early on this helped 
None
To keep my mobility 
That I feel better about doing something 
Being able to walk with my husband each evening 
Not doing them makes a physical difference but motivation has to be fought for
My granddaughter 
Have Hot Tub in garden Zen Sanctuary that allows stretching exercises and some repetitive actions as under water....  only exercise
Feeling of stiffness and lack of energy to perform exercise/physical activity
nothing 
Nothing. Going out lifts me more than the taking part of exercise although we all know exercise is necessary.
Company 
If the weather is nice and my daughter or husband is available then I want to go a little walk
Nothing 
ms group just started fortnightly zoom exercise class
There hasn't been anything  
Nothing
lockdown - WFH means I have more energy/motivation to get out and do exercise - I feel healthier and fitter as a result
Good weather 
Zoom for physio and yoga.
Positive thinking
to try and maintain enough muscle strength/energy to be able to get outside to car when allowed by govt restrictions.
None
Wanting to not lose my mobility
